<h1>How the App.jsx file works</h1>
<p>The variable images is initializing an array of all images.</p>
<p>The function "Loading," which accepts the parameter "calculatedWidth" returns jsx code with two main elements.</p>
<p>The element "label" is related to the element "progress." "label" labels "progress" by displaying the message "Loading all your favorite images..." before the loading "progress" element. </p>
<p>The "progress" element displays the bar symbol that loads while the images get uploaded to the browser. It uses the parameter "calculatedWidth" to keep updating the attribute "value."</p>
<p>Inside the App function, we encounter, first, two hooks. Both of them are instantiated with the value zero.</p>
<p>The function "handleClick" uses the variable "length" to store the length of the array images. Inside of this function, we are changing the value of the first hook by using the following function "(currentImage) => currentImage < length ? currentImage + 1 : 0." This function increases the value of the first hook every time the function  "handleClick" is called. </p>
<p>The function "handleImageLoad" increases the value of the second hook every time this function is called. </p>
<p>The "return" of the function App returns jsx code, which forms the framework for the application. One of the first important aspects of the "return" is the figure component. The first thing that appears is an if statement that says, "if 'numLoaded' is less than the length of the array 'images,' return the component 'loading' and show how much percentage, of the images inside the array, has been uploaded in the browser. If the variable 'numLoaded' is equal to or more than the array's length 'images,' activate the next code. </p>
<p>"figcaption" just prompts the user about the number of the current picture and the number of photos they still need to see.</p>
<p>Next, there is another function that maps the array "images" going through each image one by one. It returns the component "img" which has two main attributes that activate the functions "handleClick" and "handleImageLoad." The function "handleClick" activates the event "onClick" which shows a new image. The function "handleImageLoad" constantly changes the variable "numLoaded" needed for the if statement inside the "figure" component. The last attribute on the "img" component "className={currentImage === index ? "display" : "hide"}" uses an if statement that says, "if the index of the array "images" is equal to the value of variable currentImage, show the image. If not, hide it. </p>

